CHAPTER 1
Key words:
    Public- Used on a class to indicate that the elements that are withing this class should be made available
        to other java elements so other classes can use the elements in the public class.
    Class- A keyword that indicates the elements being defined is a class. Java programs are made up of one or 
        multiple classes. A class definition contains code that defines the behavior of the objects created and used 
        by the program. 
    Void- In java a method is a unit of code that can calculate and return a value. If the method does not return a 
        value then the keyword void must be used.
    Object- Has both state and behavior. The state of an object consists of any data that the object might be keeping  
        track of. The behavior of an object consists of actions that the object can perform. The behaviors are represented 
        in the class by one or more methods that can be called on to perform actions.



    PG 48
    You can run your java code in the command line by compiling it using the javac Filename.java command this creates a class file 
        named Filename.class. that contains the java bytecodes compiled for the class. You can then run the program by running the 
        java Filename command.

    PG 51 Statements
    Java has many types of statements some simply create cariables that can be used to store date called declaration statements, 
        and some perform calculations called expression statements.

    PG 58 Classes and objects
    The difference between a class and an object is similar to the difference between a blueprint and a house. A blueprint is a 
        plan for a house and a house is an implementation of a blueprint. One blueprint can be used to build many houses. Likewise 
        a class is a plan for an object and an object in Java terms is an instance of a class. You can use a single class to create 
        more than one object 
    When an object is created Java sets aside an are of computer memory thats sufficent enough to hold all the date that's stored 
        by the object. As a result each instance of a class has its own data independent of the data used by other instances of 
        the same class.
    UNDERSTANDING STATIC METHODS 
    You don't have to create an instance of a class to use the methods of the class. By declaring a method static you can call the 
        method without first creating an instance of the class because static methods are called by classes not objects.
    PG 59
    You can create an object from a class by creating a variable that provides a name you can use to refer to the object.
        Then by  using the new keyword to create an instance of the class. Then you can assign the resulting object to the variable 
        Like this - ClassName variableName = new ClassName();
        